# Numpy-Assignment-B211 Read me file
Purpose: The goal of this project is to analyse various statistics from a large amount of data about professional basketball players across multiple seasons and to apply high performance statistical analysis to the results. Using NumPy vectorized operations, efficiency and volume based metrics are computed for specific categories for identifying players who rank the highest among their fellow players in regards to shooting, scoring, and defence performance. 
The project was developed following an object oriented design pattern around the BasketballStatsProcessor class which controls the entire data processing flow from loading the original CSV source data through to final ranking export. The primary attribute of the BasketballStatsProcessor class is data (a Pandas DataFrame), which stores original statistics about all players whose performance was included in the dataset as well as computed statistics determined by the application of metrics to the data. The BasketballStatsProcessor class has an init method that loads the source data into a data attribute and initializes it for processing. A calculate_metrics method that calculates value based metrics using NumPy’s vectorized methods and proper handling of division by zero (using np.divide with an if-else statement). A get_top_100_lists method that sorts the data based on the top 100 player season entries for each metric, and an export_results method that generates a file of the final statistics for external use. To ensure the statistical validity and robustness of the program, there are detailed limits on minimum games played and minimum attempts have been established including the use of appropriate division by 0 to  appropriate handling methods to mitigate the influence of outliers.
